[siren blaring]
[MAKIMA] Going after a civilian
devil hunter's target
is forcible obstruction
of business.
Normally, you'd be
arrested for it.
Listen, Power.
You're going to need to think
a bit more before taking action.
Make sure you keep her
under control, Denji.
[DENJI gasps]
You blame me?
[MAKIMA] I blame Power's
Blood Devil inclinations.
Though she's now a Fiend
and her talents are
useful in battle,
they get her blood pumping
in a couple ways.
Suppose she might not
be Devil Hunter material.
[gasps]
The one who commanded me
to kill was this cur!
[DENJI gasps] You liar!
Jeez! Stop making crap up!
Nay, I have made up no crap!
But you! You told me
to obliterate the target
without question,
so confess your sins!
Huh? What a creep!
She's more like
the "Bullshit" Devil!
Fake-ass faker!
Miss Makima should
arrest you for fraud!
Hark! More calumny, even now!
Devils don't tell lies.
Deception is a human tactic!
[DENJI]
First time I heard that one!
Lying about lying proves
you're guilty, shit-for-brains!
[POWER] 'Tis human nature
to speak falsehoods!
You urged me to attack,
thus I did!
[DENJI] Quit talkin' all funky
to sound cooler than you are!
Makes you even weirder!
Please keep it down, you two.
Right. That I shall.
Huh?
Thank you. Good girl.
Honestly, I'm not
interested in knowing
who was at fault
for this mishap.
You thriving as a pair
is all that matters to me.
Is that something you think
you can demonstrate?
Yes! I--! We will.
[DENJI]
Maybe this ain't the time to be
bent on feelin' 'er funbags.
[CAT A meows]
Just slurpin' down drinks is
another dream come true for me.
If we keep screwin' up
like we did today, though,
bein' thirsty
drops to the bottom
of my list of problems.
[DENJI] That thought
should make workin' with
some lying chick
easier, but nah.
[POWER] I only take pleasure
in the company of cats.
I hate humans
with all that I am.
And it's not because I have
a personal grievance.
Despising mankind is almost
like a demonic instinct.
And devils are
equally abhorrent!
I hate them, too, since one
took my pet cat, Meowy, away.
Before I was able to save Meowy,
Makima caught me
and thwarted my plans.
Meowy may already be dead,
but still, I can't give up.
If it permits me to retrieve
that which I have lost,
I will even stoop so low
as to ally with mortals.
I doubt you'd
understand such sentiment
for the likes of a feline.
[DENJI] All for a cat?
That's dumb as hell.
I know I'd go to some
pretty extreme lengths
to fondle some titties, though.
[POWER] The human psyche
is a truly perplexing thing.
Ohh. I think I might get it
if it was for a dog.
Since you find the prospect of
groping breasts intriguing,
I'll let you touch mine as
a reward for saving Meowy.
[DENJI gasps]
[DENJI]
That fucking devil.
[gasps]
What a tool!
Snatchin' innocent cats!
[gasps]
[DENJI] Well, that ain't
happenin' on my watch!
[POWER gasps]
[gasps]
As a Devil Hunter, I say no!
[DENJI]
I'll murderize 'em.
Straight kill the shit
outta that asshole!
[RECEPTIONIST A] Day-leave for
the Fiend, Power, is approved.
[RECEPTIONIST A] Have her back
no later than 5 PM.
So they don't even allow you
to go out on your own?
Nay. Forced to idly
while away my time in here.
[POWER] I know the dwelling
place of Meowy's cat-napper,
so that's no issue.
My concern is that
only you can fight it.
The second its bulbous
eyes gaze upon me,
alas, the cat becomes
a fluffy shield.
Should that transpire,
all is lost.
I had a pet devil.
His name was Pochita.
I'll never be able to
pet the little guy
ever again, but it's cool.
Cuz he's alive
right inside here.
[POWER]
How foolish you humans are.
Huh?
[sighs] Your words suggest
Pochita is dead.
Death is the absence of life.
Nothing lives in your heart,
so spare me.
It's just a pathetic attempt
at self-comfort.
Yeah, true. Guess you're right.
[DENJI] I'll never get along
with this chick. Ever.
[EXECUTIVE A]
The American matter has got
the Soviet war hawks crowing
louder and louder by the day.
And the military
use of devils has been
doing rounds in
the rumor mill, too.
We can only pray
devils remain Japan's
solitary enemy in the future.
[EXECUTIVE B] I'm curious,
how have those hunting dogs
been performing in the pack?
Well, there's one
that's promising,
and one that's...
interesting, I'd say.
Interesting?
A recently adopted pup.
Just don't form
unnecessary attachments.
They aren't your lap dogs.
Get these hounds
through obedience school
and put 'em to work.
I think you meant disgusting
when you said interesting.
[AKI] Why do you have
such high hopes for Denji?
There isn't a devil in existence
that was born nameless.
And the more a devil's name
is feared by the world,
the more powerful it becomes.
[MAKIMA]
Take coffee, for instance.
It might scald you,
but it isn't very intimidating,
so a Coffee Devil
would probably be weak.
Cars paint a much scarier image
since plenty of people dread
crashes or getting run over,
which would make
a Car Devil strong.
What's interesting
is how Denji's part devil.
The Chainsaw Devil at that.
[AKI] Being interesting may not
coincide with being useful.
[AKI]
Everyone in Public Safety has
concrete goals and convictions.
But Denji is only doing this job
so he can "live the good life."
The kid's bad news
and a bad fit.
What's more, he said he was
open to being a devil's friend.
He's just an ignorant brat.
That's all.
[POWER]
'Tis that house yonder!
Both Meowy and
the devil are within.
Alrighty, then.
Won't get there standin' here.
[DENJI] Hope I don't hafta
chainsaw out and get all dizzy.
[POWER]
"Chainsaw out"?
[DENJI]
Yeah. I can turn into chainsaws.
[POWER] Human jests
leave much to be desired.
[DENJI]
Wait.
[POWER]
What is it now?
You said he'd use the cat
as a fluffy shield
the second he saw you, right?
So should you even be this close
to where they're hiding?
Oh. That was
my story, wasn't it?
Your "story"?
A mere slip of the tongue. Oops.
[POWER] Despite your dull mind,
your instincts are quite sharp.
[BAT DEVIL] You had no qualms
leaving me to wait,
did you, Blood Devil?
I thought you'd
turned tail and fled.
[POWER]
Spare me your complaints!
Earning my freedom
took some time.
What matters is that
I've met your demands.
Is it not, Bat?
My first meal in ages.
And since it's a young man,
his blood will no doubt
be brimming with vigor.
Look. See the wound
your kind inflicted on me?
Hacked my arm clean
off like savages!
The injury was
so severe that it forced
a grand creature such as I
to hide away in this shithole!
Like I care.
I prefer quiet food!
With your human blood,
I'll heal my arm and right
the wrongs your kind committed!
[groans]
[BAT DEVIL]
Repulsive!
[DENJI groans]
[BAT DEVIL]
As sickening as that was,
it restored my body nonetheless!
[BAT DEVIL]
Egh! My mouth is still filled
with that vile taste!
I must swiftly find another
human and cleanse my palette!
And you, the sap who wants
to be buddies with them.
I'm stunned you didn't
stop and question my story
when its plot holes
were so evident.
Never was a species
more foolish than yours.
[BAT DEVIL]
Ugh, the stench of cigarettes.
The smell of makeup and drugs.
--As if.
--Right?
[STUDENTS laugh]
[BAT DEVIL] Now there's
a pleasing aroma.
Children's blood should
wash out that foul taste.
[POWER]
Look here, Bat Devil!
[BAT DEVIL]
Hm?
[POWER] I brought you
a human, as promised!
You've no reason to keep Meowy.
Ah, that's right.
You and I made
a little trade, didn't we?
[meows]
There you are!
[BAT DEVIL]
But I haven't punished you
for bringing such nasty fare.
[MEOWY meows]
Meowy...
Meowy!
From this day forth,
that's your name.
And, gracious, do you smell
delectable for a cat.
[meows]
So spindly, though.
Methinks I'll fatten you up
before I feast.
Grow big and strong.
I'm eager for the day
I can finally slaughter you!
[meows]
[POWER] I've always killed
everything that met my gaze.
It's now become strange
to hear a voice
that isn't screaming in terror.
So very strange.
[gasps]
[BAT DEVIL]
Greetings, Blood Devil.
Blood's precisely what I need.
Lest you want to end
all nine lives of this cat,
bring me a human being.
[POWER gasps]
Earlier, you said you'd
never pet Pochita again.
[POWER]
I sympathize with you now.
'Tis a dreadful feeling.
[BAT DEVIL] Terrible!
All this nauseating blood!
[yells]
[BAT DEVIL] The inside
of my mouth feels filthy!
I shall drain some children
and rinse it out!
[BAT DEVIL grunts]
After I gargle, I'll have a
virgin as an appetizer, I think.
And then a large, plump man
for the main course,
followed by a pregnant
woman for dessert.
--[slurping]
--[BAT DEVIL] Hm?
Cough up the tits.
Those are mine!
You seriously drank
my blood? Revolting!
If I can't have yours,
you certainly can't have mine!
[DENJI] This one time,
Pochita went missing.
I noticed he was gone
when I woke up.
I searched the town,
but I still couldn't find 'im.
[DENJI] Started thinkin' he'd
been eaten by another devil.
[DENJI] But when I got home,
he was in tears, waiting for me.
I was so relieved,
I fell asleep holding him.
[DENJI] I wonder how
she felt trying to sleep,
knowing that devil had Meowy.
[BAT DEVIL]
Hm?
[DENJI grunts]
[BAT DEVIL groans]
You're really a devil?
[gasps]
Run, you idiot!
This asshole's hungry!
[BAT DEVIL] You let a perfectly
good snack escape?
What devil would
do something like that?
The kind that'll
slice into your gut
so I can touch me some boobs!
[CROWD gasps]
[BAT DEVIL grunts]
[panting]
[DENJI grunts]
[BAT DEVIL grunts]
[CHILD A whimpers]
[gasps] Get movin' already!
[CROWD screaming]
Well, if you're going to insist
on saving humans...
[MAN F gasps]
Let's see you cut through this!
They can retract?
That's so cool!
Your puny body
contains such strength!
Why would you waste it
playing protector?
[DENJI]
Who said I'm protecting him?
[MAN F]
Huh?
[DENJI] I don't give a shit
about this guy! Not one!
[MAN F screams]
[BAT DEVIL groaning]
[BAT DEVIL] Ho, ha, ha, ha,
ha, ho! Po, pa, pa, pa, po!
[BAT DEVIL grunts]
[DENJI groans]
[MAN F gasps]
I'm in dire need of healing.
Shame your blood reeks
of tobacco, but it'll do.
[chainsaw revving]
[BAT DEVIL] Hm? Absurd!
How aren't you dead?
[DENJI] I've gone through
a whole lotta crap up till now.
Been patient as
a freakin' saint.
[DENJI]
So why?
Why haven't I got to cop
a single damn feel?!
[BAT DEVIL]
No! Stay back!
[DENJI grunts]
[grunts]
[DENJI yells]
[gasps]
[BAT DEVIL groans]